Minor docs cleanup (#114)
OceanBioME/OceanBioME.jl: docs/src/index.md

# *Ocean* *Bio*geochemical *M*odelling *E*nvironment - OceanBioME

OceanBioME.jl is a fast and flexible ocean biogeochemical modelling environment. It is highly modular and is designed to make it easy to implement and use a variety of biogeochemical and physical models. OceanBioME is built to be coupled with physics models from [Oceananigans.jl](https://github.com/CliMA/Oceananigans.jl) allowing simulations across a wide range of spatial scales ranging from a global hydrostatic free surface model to non-hydrostatic large-eddy simulations. OceanBioME was designed specifically for ocean carbon dioxide removal applications. Notably, it includes active particles which allow individual-based models to be seamlessly coupled with the flow physics, ecosystem models, and carbonate chemistry.

> OceanBioME.jl currently provides a core of several biogeochemical models (Nutrient--Phytoplankton--Zooplankton--Detritus (NPZD) and [LOBSTER](https://doi.org/10.1029/2004JC002588), a medium complexity model, and air-sea gas exchange models to provide appropriate top boundary conditions. [PISCES](https://doi.org/10.5194/gmd-8-2465-2015) and also sediment models for the benthic boundary are in our future development plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OceanBioME.jl currently provides a core of several biogeochemical models (Nutrient--Phytoplankton--Zooplankton--Detritus (NPZD) and [LOBSTER](https://doi.org/10.1029/2004JC002588), a medium complexity model, air-sea gas exchange models to provide appropriate top boundary conditions, and sediment models to for the benthic boundary. [PISCES](https://doi.org/10.5194/gmd-8-2465-2015) and other higher complexity models are in our future development plans.
```
We do have a sediment model now although it hasn't been tested very much. I think its still appropriate to mention it here though?

![buoyancy_front](buoyancy_front.mp4)

In the example above, `OceanBioME.jl` provides the `biogeochemistry` and everything else is taken care of by `Oceananigans.jl`. For comprehensive documentation of the physics modelling see [Oceananigans' Documentation](https://clima.github.io/OceananigansDocumentation/stable/); for biogeochemistry and other features we provide read below.

## Places to find OceanBioME information

* This documentation, which provides

>     * documented examples (e.g., start from the [single-column model](@ref OneD_column)),

Author: ```suggestion
    * documented examples (browse them starting, e.g., from the [single-column model](@ref OneD_column)),
```
